Update quick_start.md (#7016)
noir-lang/noir: docs/docs/getting_started/quick_start.md

:::tip

> Naming can be confusing, specially as you pass them to the `bb` commands. If unsure, it won't hurt to delete the target folder and start a new to make sure you're using the most recent versions of the compiled circuit and witness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Naming can be confusing, specially as you pass them to the `bb` commands. If unsure, it won't hurt to delete the target folder and start fresh to make sure you're using the most recent versions of the compiled circuit and witness.
```

Hey Lisa, "start anew" is correct as opposed to "start a new" in this case, but maybe "start fresh" would be clearer?

Author: Ohh my bad, sorry for that. Yes, fresh seems to be clearer! Thank you!

Reviewer: No problem :)
